{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.16299}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
Week 1 - Fortune Teller\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/fortune-teller }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/fortune-teller\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang1033\par
{\lang9{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mwzig/fortune-teller/blob/master/src/FortuneTeller.java }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mwzig/fortune-teller/blob/master/src/FortuneTeller.java\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang9\par
Develop a console application that will tell the user\rquote s fortune based on data received from the user.\par
Skills Required:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Variables and Basic Types\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Operators and Expressions\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Conditionals\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Strings\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Week 2 - Virtual Pet\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/virtual-pet }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/virtual-pet\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mwzig/virtual-pet/tree/master/src }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mwzig/virtual-pet/tree/master/src\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Required Tasks\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 VirtualPet class\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Create a tick() method that represents the passage of time.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Create at least three instance variables (aka attributes aka properties aka fields).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Create at least three methods (messages you send to your pet).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}VirtualPetApp class\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Create a main method that\'85\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult1  implements a game loop.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} asks for user input.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} writes output to the console.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 Week 3 - Virtual Pet Shelter\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mwzig/virtual-pet-shelter/tree/master/src/main/java }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mwzig/virtual-pet-shelter/tree/master/src/main/java\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/virtual-pet-shelter }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/virtual-pet-shelter\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Create the following classes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult1  VirtualPet: You can start with your class from last week's assignment or create another.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} VirtualPetShelter: Homeless virtual pets need a place to stay.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} VirtualPetShelterApp: This class will house your main method, and be responsible for reading user input and writing output to the console.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Details\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult1 We're going to create an application that simulates you taking care of the pets in a shelter.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Include a game loop in this project, too. It should query the user, then call the appropriate method(s) on VirtualPetShelter and/or VirtualPet.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 Week 4 - Virtual Pets AMOK\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mwzig/virtual-pets-amok/tree/master/src/main/java }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mwzig/virtual-pets-amok/tree/master/src/main/java\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/virtual-pets-amok }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/virtual-pets-amok\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
(An application with an abstract class and and interface.   Shows using  inheritance/model-view-controller)\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 Week 5 - Review Site (Pizza Reviews)\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mwzig/pizza-reviews/tree/master/src/main/java/com/pizzareviews }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mwzig/pizza-reviews/tree/master/src/main/java/com/pizzareviews\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/review-site }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/review-site\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Learning HTML/CSS/Spring Boot/MVC\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Create a reviews site that categorizes reviews. Create reviews about anything you like: tech, travel, toys, they're all good.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Create a Spring Boot + MVC app that displays a list of reviews, allowing us to click on an individual review to see its details.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 Week 6 - Portfolio\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mwzig/mwzig.github.io }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mwzig/mwzig.github.io\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/professional-portfolio }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/professional-portfolio\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Learning flexbox and  grid\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Week 7 - Reviews Site - Full Stack (Pizza Reviews Full Stack)\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mwzig/pizza-reviews-fullstack/tree/master/src/main/java/pizzareviewsfullstack }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mwzig/pizza-reviews-fullstack/tree/master/src/main/java/pizzareviewsfullstack\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/reviews-site-full-stack }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/reviews-site-full-stack\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1  \par
using a database for the pizza reviews website, more complexity\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 Week 8 - Reviews Site Full Stack Plus (Pizza Reviews Full Stack Plus)\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mwzig/pizza-reviews-fullstack-plus/tree/master/src/main/java/pizzareviewsfullstack }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mwzig/pizza-reviews-fullstack-plus/tree/master/src/main/java/pizzareviewsfullstack\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/reviews-iteration-3 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/WeCanCodeIT/wcci-columbus-2017-fall/tree/master/exercises/reviews-iteration-3\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
adding and removing comments and tags, using JavaScript\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 Week 10-12  Capstone Project - Grocery App\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/team-grocery-app/grocery-app }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/team-grocery-app/grocery-app\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 helped to scope project functionality - (loading pre-selected recipes, not searching on ingredient size needed, etc).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}responsible for finding/using API to load price data\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}researched APIs to find one best meeting our needs (Walmart)\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}prototyped getting data from API, explained to team\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}too much data returned for an item (ie chicken search returns 1000 finds including dog food)\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}determined way of using csv file to load into my program to tell Walmart what specific items to get\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}API limits/bad internet reliability in class/etc. determined that we get the data and load it into the database so that we could have reliable prototype to demonstrate\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}prototype for loading JSON data returned from API into database, assisted other developer in finishing that program\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Database design with team\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Screen functionality design with team\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Thymeleaf for screens 4 -5\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 